Document COEP:credentialless (#23344)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/cross-origin-embedder-policy/index.md

## Syntax

```http

> Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy: unsafe-none | require-corp | credentialless

Reviewer: This is a syntax box. It is fine here.

Author: ACK

  - : A document can only load resources from the same origin, or resources explicitly marked as loadable from another origin.
    If a cross origin resource supports CORS, the [`crossorigin`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/crossorigin) attribute or the {{HTTPHeader("Cross-Origin-Resource-Policy")}} header must be used to load it without being blocked by COEP.
- `credentialless`
  - : [no-cors](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/mode) cross-origin requests are sent without credentials. In particular, it means Cookies are omitted from the request, and ignored from the response. The responses are allowed **without** an explicit permission via the {{HTTPHeader("Cross-Origin-Resource-Policy")}} header. [Navigate](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/mode) responses behave similarly as the `require-corp` mode: They require {{HTTPHeader("Cross-Origin-Resource-Policy")}} response header.

## Examples

### Certain features depend on cross-origin isolation

You can only access certain features like {{jsxref("SharedArrayBuffer")}} objects or {{domxref("Performance.now()")}} with unthrottled timers, if your document has a COEP header with a value of `require-corp` or `credentialless` set.

```http

> Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy: require-corp | credentialless

Reviewer: "require-corp | credentialless" shouldn't be here. Decide for one of them.

Author: Done.

> You can only access certain features like {{jsxref("SharedArrayBuffer")}} objects or {{domxref("Performance.now()")}} with unthrottled timers, if your document has a COEP header with the value `require-corp` value set.

Reviewer 2: Update this line to mention `credentialless` too?

```suggestion
You can only access certain features like {{jsxref("SharedArrayBuffer")}} objects or {{domxref("Performance.now()")}} with unthrottled timers, if your document has a COEP header with a value of `require-corp` or `credentialless` set.
```

}
```

> ### Avoiding COEP:require-corp blockage with CORS

Author: Agreed,  I removed it, and tweak the message below in:
https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/23344/commits/f954d6cadeed4b7fb4964d7e6cfe93eb2fa427f5

> ### Avoiding COEP:require-corp blockage with CORS

Reviewer 2: Looking good.
